Remove link to 2025 Salary Survey form (#2708)
writethedocs/www: docs/index.rst

* Read our :doc:`Hiring Guide </hiring-guide/index>` to get started in the industry

> * Read our previous `salary survey </surveys/>`__ information to get a sense of the industry pay

Author: ```suggestion
* Read our latest `salary survey </surveys/>`__ results to get a sense of the industry pay
```

> * Take the `2025 Salary Survey <https://salary-survey.writethedocs.org/>`_

Reviewer: Should we rename 'previous salary survey' to this years or something a little less dismissive?
